Congratulations you are now ready to place the order for your face for God.
And really how you're not one live on Facebook before you go ahead and do that.
There's one important step to do and that is to come down and review your order and make sure everything
is in place and as you want it to be.
So just click on the review order button and now you will see that you are creating broken with the
three different levels.
So the campaign level out set the odds level and just to quickly recap on this for myself.
You can see the campaign objective is traffic.
So make sure that's Ozzie wanted to be your on set then is where you defined your audience and placements
and budgets and schedule.
So make sure that's everything in place.
Then we went to the level and you can see that I'm testing two different images.
They're coming up here and I can see the headline and the text that is going to show up which is perfect
then exactly as I wanted it to be.
Now at this stage it could be a good idea to get a colleague or a friend just to review your campaign
to see what they think particularly about maybe the ads and how they appear.
And once you're satisfied with that.
Just go ahead and place the order.
Now remember that once you place your order your ad will go into the ad review process.
If everything is OK in or out should go live very quickly and you can see mine is in review now.
It should be approved quickly and at the latest should be approved within 24 hours.
And if there is anything in it to change bet your company will get a notification by e-mail and you
can make those small changes and publish and go ahead and put your ad live.
So well done on completing your first Facebook outing getting to this step.
Go ahead and place your order.
Now.